== README

This README would normally document whatever steps are necessary to get the
application up and running.

*********************************************************
We are creating a tracking system for a patient as he/she goes through a hospital. Today you will create the basic CRUD.

First name (Text field)
Last name (Text field)
Date of Birth (date selector field)
Description (text field - Will be a description of why the patient is at the hospital)
Gender (Radio button)
All of these fields are required! Date is required to be in the past.
********************************************************

Use the Workflow gem we used today to control patient statuses.
The patient will be transferred from the waiting room, to doctor checkup, to xrays, to surgery, to paying bills, to leaving.
The patients should be able to jump directly from the waiting room to every status except paying bills
This will involve multiple events for each state!
I also strongly suggest making 1 route that controls transferring between all states. If you do so, it should accept the previous and state wanted as parameters
As the patient transfers to leaving the hospital, I want to be presented with a description field to write any details about said patient's trip through the hospital.
Use HAML!
Make it look nice.
You don't have to go all out, but at least make it somewhat presentable.

*********************************************************

Things you may want to cover:

* Ruby version

* System dependencies

* Configuration

* Database creation

* Database initialization

* How to run the test suite

* Services (job queues, cache servers, search engines, etc.)

* Deployment instructions

* ...


Please feel free to use a different markup language if you do not plan to run
<tt>rake doc:app</tt>.
